Remember the requests starts off with an HTTP method,
the path, and the version of the HTTP protocol to use.
This request is using the HEAD method.
HEAD is an interesting method as it allows you to get the headers
of a file without having to receive the entire file itself.
This lets you check if there's enough space to store
the response or if the cached version on that page is still up to date.
This way, the browser can avoid re-downloading
a file if it already has the most recent version in its cache.
Looking at the network tab and def tools,
you probably won't see any head requests when visiting your websites.
The problem with using HEAD for cache validation is that you're doing twice the work.
You send a HEAD request and then possibly it get request right afterwards.
Every request responds pair is called a
round trip and they take a lot of time to complete.
With a sheer number of access that websites have nowadays,
having to send the HEAD requests before
the potential GET request would slow down the loading of the website considerably.
There are ways to mitigate the cost off these round trips and will talk about them later.
But for now, it is just important to know that we
want our sites to have as few around trips as possible.
And that means reducing the number of requests as best as we can.
The last of the common methods is OPTIONS.
OPTIONS is supposed to give you a list of methods that are accepted
on the current URL but not every server supports this.
The OPTIONS method might seem odd at first,
but becomes very important when we start talking about course which you will cover later.